refactor (#335)
KxSystems/docs: docs/basics/comparison.md

## Temporal values 

> Below is a matrix of the [type](datatypes.md) used when the temporal types differ in a comparison (note: scrolling to the right may be required to view full table):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a matrix of the [type](datatypes.md) used when the temporal types differ in a comparison (note: you may need to scroll to the right to view the full table):
```

| **minute**       | _minute_      | _not supported_ | _not supported_ | _minute_     | _timespan_      | _minute_   | _second_   | _time_   |
| **second**       | _second_      | _not supported_ | _not supported_ | _second_     | _timespan_      | _second_   | _second_   | _time_   |
| **time**         | _time_        | _not supported_ | _not supported_ | _time_       | _timespan_      | _time_     | _time_     | _time_   |

For example
```q
q)20:00:00.000603286 within 13:30 20:00t            / comparison of timespan and time, time converted to timespan values 0D13:30:00.000000000 0D20:00:00.000000000
0b
q)2024.10.07D20:00:00.000603286 within 13:30 20:00t / comparison of timestamp and time, timestamp converted to time value 20:00:00.000
1b
```

Particularly notice the comparison of ordinal with cardinal datatypes, such as timestamps with minutes.

```q
q)times: 09:15:37 09:29:01 09:29:15 09:29:15 09:30:01 09:35:27
q)tab:([] timeSpan:`timespan$times; timeStamp:.z.D+times)
q)meta tab
c        | t f a
---------| -----
timeSpan | n
timeStamp| p
```

> When comparing `timestamp` with `minute`, the timestamps are converted to minutes such that `` `minute$2024.11.01D09:29:15.000000000 `` becomes `09:29` and therefore doesnt appear in the output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When comparing `timestamp` with `minute`, the timestamps are converted to minutes such that `` `minute$2024.11.01D09:29:15.000000000 `` becomes `09:29` and therefore doesn't appear in the output:
```

```q
q)select from tab where timeSpan>09:29     / comparing timespan with minute
timeSpan             timeStamp
--------------------------------------------------
0D09:29:01.000000000 2016.09.06D09:29:01.000000000
0D09:29:15.000000000 2016.09.06D09:29:15.000000000
0D09:29:15.000000000 2016.09.06D09:29:15.000000000
0D09:30:01.000000000 2016.09.06D09:30:01.000000000
0D09:35:27.000000000 2016.09.06D09:35:27.000000000
```

Therefore, when comparing ordinals with cardinals (i.e. timestamp with minute), ordinal is converted to the cardinal type first. 

For example:
```q
q)select from tab where timeStamp=09:29
timeSpan             timeStamp
--------------------------------------------------
0D09:29:01.000000000 2016.09.06D09:29:01.000000000
0D09:29:15.000000000 2016.09.06D09:29:15.000000000
0D09:29:15.000000000 2016.09.06D09:29:15.000000000

q)tab.timeStamp=09:29
011100b
```

is equivalent to

```q
q)(`minute$tab.timeStamp)=09:29
011100b
```
and thus
```q
q)tab.timeStamp<09:29
100000b
q)tab.timeStamp>09:29
000011b
```

:fontawesome-solid-street-view: 
_Q for Mortals_
[§4.9.1 Temporal Comparison](/q4m3/4_Operators/#491-temporal-comparison)

## Floating point

> Comparison of floating-point types are discussed in [`comparison tolerance`](precision.md#comparison-tolerance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The comparison of floating-point types are discussed in [`comparison tolerance`](precision.md#comparison-tolerance).
```
